feat: initial template setup (#1)
aleios-cloud/aleios-turborepo-template: README copy.md

# Aleios Turborepo Template

> This is an official aleios Turborepo template! It has all the cool features turborepo as to offer, but also has all our favorite tools and plugins we know and love!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an official aleios Turborepo template! It has all the cool features turborepo has to offer, but also has all our favourite tools and plugins we know and love!
```

## Using this example

When copying over this repo to start your own, remember to run `pnpm i` initially to set up all your tools.

### What as been set up?

- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) for static type checking
- [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) for code linting
- [Prettier](https://prettier.io) for code formatting
- [Husky](https://typicode.github.io/husky/) for our git hooks:
  - Pre-commit: will lint your code
  - commit-msg: will fix up your commit messages

### Build

To build all apps and packages, run the following command:

```
cd my-turborepo
pnpm build
```

### Develop

To develop all apps and packages, run the following command:

```
cd my-turborepo
pnpm dev
```

> ### Remote Caching

Reviewer: We probably won't use remote caching 90% of the time so can remove
